oh hi Steve how are you man is bad news
about the bank being robbed I mean I
wonder who it could be all right hello
guys welcome to the draki series here
and this is another minecraft mod
spotlight this is episode 67 of my jason
motte delight series 2 and this
minecraft mod is the advanced humans mod
and what this does is it basically just
destroys test difficult in villages and
replaces them with these advanced human
mops and I believe there are about how
many is it you have the steve garvey per
girl where's the last girl I'm sure
there was I'm sure I saw one over here
mine like that one yeah there we go you
gotta you gotta last girl you got the
emo girl no annoying emo girl sorry
there's an emo like boy like model as
well and then there's a minor so that's
there's five different types of advanced
human map that you can encounter when
looking at villages so with this modest
not that compatible with other mods but
you have to install this mod with
modloader and you can't use forge and to
install it so that was one problem that
i came across but nonetheless what can
you do with these advanced humans well
what you can do is you can actually
trade with them but you're not using
emeralds you're going to be using money
as you guys can see i like rub their
bank and stuff but you can actually
trade with the villagers to gain money
so it's a way of basically interacting
with the good old humans now in terms of
them being advanced humans the reason
why they're considered advanced is I
guess the the trading is a little bit
more lenient or something core they just
seem to have more AI than the villagers
do and they do seem to be a lot more
cleaner than what the villagers are but
I i I'm actually loving the skin but
that have been pecked I mean a great
skin for creeper girl great skin
obviously the new
more minecraft Steve and just actually
panning out on this one village right
here is a bit like if you guys seen that
machinima called the minecraftian it
looks very much like that that's just a
whole load of humans just like living it
out in Minecraft like that just survive
some think it's really really funny
that's one thing that I actually really
like about this mod it makes it seem
like the village actually seems like a
village and not just like a weird test
difficult audie place where where
they're just like you know a whole lot
of creepos but yeah this is the advanced
humours mod the minecraft mod download
is in the description so if you want to
like you know do some muddy dealing with
these guys and you know and using money
instead of your good beloved emeralds
that you find then this mod is Cooper is
great for you and yeah it's pretty damn
cool so i guess i'll see you guys in the
next minecraft video give some look the
mod creator in the link of the
description say that draki sent sent you
and yeah subscribe as a release of sorts
of minecraft content every day so
they're subscribe to keep updated and
i'll see you guys next time
Oh